gh-126180: Undeprecate getopt and optparse (#126186)
python/cpython: Doc/library/argparse.rst

module also automatically generates help and usage messages.  The module
will also issue errors when users give the program invalid arguments.

.. note::

>    Fine details of the command-line interface built with using the
>    :mod:`!argparse` module differ from common Unix and Linux programs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The finer details of the command-line interface built with the
   :mod:`!argparse` module differ from common Unix and Linux programs.
```

>    If you want to implement more compatible interface, consider using

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If you want to implement a more compatible interface, consider using
```
